everyone I'm Amy rushing with tech port
wide the Christmas season is just ahead
and I hope you have some special plans
for the holiday season also I'm sure
you'll want to make some special
memories and photograph them and of
course you'll want to upload those to
the web or send them via email here's
the camera that allows you to do that
the Samsung cl65 you no longer need to
go through the computer process to
upload photos with the CL 65 simply
connect to a wireless network using the
built-in Wi-Fi wherever there's an
internet signal available and you can
access well-known websites like picasa
facebook in youtube
hi I'm interruption with what was I
think all you need to capture your
holiday memories is the Samsung cl65 for
a whole different photo taking
experience I'm Amy rushing thanks for
watching oh and don't forget to
subscribe for the latest updates bye
you